Residents of the unauthorized residential colony in the ward collect property tax of two years on their own. Have done it. Now he has received information from the property-tax department three days ago that he has been since 2004. Property tax has to be deposited. Ensured that property tax should not be taken from the above property owners. Go Only commercial property-tax owners should be taxed from the year 2004.

Do not unduly disturb the property-taxpayer's property tax in the ward. Go

Catch the stray pigs from the ward.

Creator-suction machine should be provided in Sant Nagar, Main Market.

Why are CNG less being given to door-to-door auto-tippers running in the ward, and they should be told. CNG should be made available in sufficient quantity.

Construction work of Burari, Nigam school in Ward has been stopped, it should be started soon.

The band should be caught as early as possible from the Burardi Nigam school located in the ward.

Corporation parks were used for free booking for organizing religious programs in the ward, but now the gardens. The department is demanding money for booking the above mentioned programs, why should it be told. Their Booking should be ensured for free.

The date of inauguration of Nigam School located in Swaroop Nagar should be fixed.

The number of door-to-door auto-tippers that lift garbage from the ward should be increased.

The construction work of roads in the ward, which have been completed, is sure to be started at the earliest. Be done.

Ward's Wazirambad village and Sangam Vihar unauthorized colony department prohibits arbitrary tax collection. Be installed. In these colonies and villages, the department has made small arrangements by sealing and tax collection. Why are shopkeepers being harassed? And on what basis are the 10 shops of the village sealed by the department has been done ? Be told

Deputy Commissioner on orders of challan cutting only all day in place of cleaning inspection of ward by cleaning inspectors Prohibit because the cleaning inspector and assistant cleaning inspector of the department vacated all day in place of cleaning Plot-under-construction houses, shops and poor street-dwellers are promoting corruption by recovering them. Throughout the day, by pressing on about a thousand places, they submit 5 or 10 challans to the department, so that the corporation And the corporators are being slandered and the corporation does not get any revenue. Of this type Cancellation of orders, withdraw the challan book from the assistant cleaning inspector of the corporation and recover this illegal

But, stop it immediately.

Walirabad Village Gali No 9, Ward, Water Department. For one year, the committee has not been able to fix the issue even in the meetings while in both the places

Corporation plan-head and councilor funds have also been made available.

Of toilet-blocks at 05 proposed locations near Part

Workers split in Timarpur from Swachh Bharat Abhiyan Fund Prohibited open defecation etc. at designated places

Be made by the construction department immediately so that those funds Can go

The condition of the auto-tipper in the ward is poor, immediately 02 new auto-tippers should be installed and the bad tippers New tipper should be provided in place.

In front of the mayor's residence at Timarpur in Wad and in front of Metro station Lucknow Road, standards are being investigated What action has been taken by the department so far on the major construction work started by placing it, and it should be told Why should the construction work started on the buildings which have been closed for five years? On all these by the department Immediate action should be taken.

_ Committee of the Vad-Wise list of sanitation workers working in all the 4 areas of North Delhi Municipal Corporation It should be given to all the members in the upcoming meeting.

Nearly 40-year-old street vendors were removed from the BC block market in Ward, they were taken to town The wedding committee meeting should be called and given immediate place.

How long will the compactor be installed in the ward?

Garbage dumping on street daily from Maharana Pratap Chowk to Shiv Mandir, Ward Pour, action against them and remove them from there and every day of Mukund Pur entrance Cleanliness should be ensured regularly.

Ensured regular action against illegal meat shops in the ward Be done.

Ensure early removal of illegal hoardings in various wards located in the area.

The observations / problems raised by all the members of the committee should be resolved ahead of time. To be sure

New sidewalks / shops of meat are being installed on the footpath located in the ward, which the department has to deal with many times. Complaints were made but no action was taken on them. Veterinary Inspector said that the department Cannot cut their invoice. Is it true ? Departmental on the complaint made by the concerned councilor

Proper action should be taken immediately by the officer and the departmental license inspector cut meat shops Copy of the challan given.

Businessman / shopkeeper tax (conversion charge) of all commercial shops in unauthorized area If done, the concerned department can assure their shops are not sealed or Can their trade licenses be made? Be told

Due to the depth of the depth of the Jahangir Puri pump house located in the ward, there is waterlogging in the ward, In this context, appropriate action should be taken by the department.

Illegal parking running in front of Vidyalaya of Kushal Cinema Road, Delhi Government located at Jahangir Puri Action against.

Pick up the car parked in front of Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital located in the ward and working in the ward License Inspector should be given information.

E-rickshaw parking and car wash service stations have opened on Kushal Cinema Road in Ward, their Legal action should be taken against the department.

The illegal juice kiosks should be removed immediately from Mukundpur entrance.

Small auto-tippers should be provided for lifting door-to-door garbage for Tomar Colony in Ward and Increased number of door-to-door auto tippers.

Due to the depth of the Jahangir Puri Pump House located in the ward, waterlogging takes place in the ward. In this context, appropriate action should be taken by the department.

Illegal parking running in front of Vidyalaya of Kushal Cinema Road, Delhi Government located at Jahangir Puri Action against

The vehicle standing in front of Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital located in the ward should be raised and working in the ward License Inspector should be given information.

The illegal juice kiosks should be removed immediately from Mukundpur entrance.

Small auto-tippers should be provided for lifting door-to-door garbage for Tomar Colony in Ward and Increased number of door-to-door auto tippers.

DWMSL Appropriate action should be taken against the company as per the rules.

Ensured availability of anti-rabies injection in all dispensaries and polyclinics located in the ward. Go

Stuff should be made in the ward.

License Inspector BB in K-2 block market located in ward. Such shops were also sealed by Bhardwaj. In which no work was going on, why and on what basis were these sealed by the department? Told Go and examine them, be de-sealed.

Baba Colony, Swaraj Temple near the defected highmost light should be repaired and MP The high-light lights of the fund should be ensured at the earliest.

Illegal street ridges from Bengali colony to Sant Nagar should be removed because of them

Often there is a traffic jam causing problems for vehicle owners passing through Have to do.

The number of cleaning staff in the ward should be increased.

There is a lot of garbage on the block of 0 block and Roshanara, proper cleaning there The system should be ensured.

The construction work of the compactor should be started within 15 days by the concerned department in Roshanara Bagh. Otherwise they will have to forcefully block the iceberg chowk.

Only two days' door-to-door garbage pick-up auto-tipper has arrived at Sohan Ganj in Ward. Why did the auto-tipper come to the ward from 01.02.2019 to 22.022019? Be told and

Ensured its regular visits to the wards and corporation schools located in the wards every day. Go

Hotels, motels, restaurants and banquets by the area's health department. How many halls in the past year Licenses issued? Be told

Ward dispensary should be inaugurated on 01.03.2019.

Gobar gas plant in Ward has been closed, the situation should be informed.

By when will LED lights be installed in Bhalswa Dairy, Ward? Be told

In the green belt in front of B-Block, House No. 123 in Wad, tubewells are bad for the last three months. Even after complaining, it was not corrected. This should be ensured as early as possible.

The illegal hawks of meat and chicken on the main road located in the ward should be removed at the earliest.

Pump house should be arranged for Bhalswa dairy located in the ward.

The construction of the lane from Ward to C-51 to C-100 was carried out in the year 2014 but till now The street was not built. The contractor was broken into and left the street two months ago. This street was built in a grand manner Go

Bad street lights located in the ward should be repaired at the earliest.

Ensured e-rickshaw type auto-tipper for lifting garbage from narrow streets located in the ward Go

The number of sanitation workers should be increased in the ward.

The work of installing LED lights in the ward has been closed for the last one month. MP Fund Fund How long will 10 pillars and highmost lights be installed for installing lights? Be told

